it's been gaza's deadliest day in 15
years and 2 million Palestinians living
there are now bracing for what's to come
Israel has formly declared a state of
War while Israel launched another air
strike on Gaza soon after sunrise on
Monday the bombardment has killed 4133
Palestinians in just two days among them
78 were children Israeli air strikes
have hit the besieged Palestinian
Enclave from all sides it's now amassing
troops near the Gaza Israel border and
that includes 100,000
reservists well in Israel the death toll
from hamas's military operation has now
surpassed 700 many more are still
missing and gun battles have continued
in at least four flash points in
southern Israel meanwhile Hamas fired a
barrage of rockets from Gaza a building
in Ashkelon was
hit and a senior Hamas off official has
confirmed that they've captured more
than a 100 Israelis and taken them into
Gaza the spokesman from the kasan
brigades has vowed to continue the
fight we announced that a number of our
Fighters today were able to take a new
group of enemy prisoners that were moved
to Gaza our Fighters have also reported
some cases where the enemy caused the
death of some of the captives praise to
our heroic people who is seeking freedom
and causing pain and defeat to the enemy
so Israeli air strikes have continued
throughout the night tell us what's been
happening
TK well uh to to this current moment the
level and the speed of the Israeli air
strikes inside the Gaza Strip has
remarkably intensified during the last
couple of hours various areas inside the
Gaza STP were severely uh destructed and
were strike by the Israeli Air Forces
without any previous notes or Warnings
uh we can say that the majority majority
of these buildings were inhabitable it
means that 90% of the buildings were
full of people and the exact number of
death and casualties is not are not yet
been known due to the inability of the
Medical Teams to reach an access to uh
these places as well uh it's important
to mention that some towns in the Gaza
Strip uh in particular like B hanon town
has witnessed a non-stopping bombardment
for more than an hour uh no body in the
Gaza Strip can know what is the exact
number of Destruction and even the uh
casualties Raid inside the town of B
hanu uh due to the inability to access
or to reach the city the majority of its
roads were completely destroyed and even
it's full of a drones that are from time
to another are targeting and attacking
different buildings in the city as I've
mentioned before in previous coverages
like the Israeli Army right now is
adopting and and applying the principle
of fire belt in which they are trying to
walk according to the principle of
burned land inside the Gaza Strip as a
facilitation to the Israeli uh ground
Invasion as you can clearly hear in the
background now the sound of bombardments
and the Gaza Strip continue without
stopping the Gaza Strip sky is full of
Israeli fighter jets and Israeli drones
that Target uh the Gaza Strip from time
to another now in retaliation to these
these ongoing attacks the uh Palestinian
militants launch barrages of rockets
start the Israeli uh settlement and the
situation is derating now the uh exact
number of the current attacks and
casualties still unknown due to the uh
level of and the rhythm of the attacks
that is carried that are carried out now
inside the Gaza Strip now according to
the latest updates 24 Palestinians were
killed during the past hours and dozen
others were wandered till this current
moment uh t let me just jump in there um
yeah we heard some of those explosions
as we're talking to you uh live uh
what's been happening to the people
who've been displaced by the fighting
where are they going who's taking care
of
them right now the majority of displaced
people they tend to United Nations
Affiliated schools where they received
medical uh treatment and even
humanitarian AIDS in order to survive as
well it's worth mentioning that the
majority of those people received
warnings to evacuate the houses because
the majority of the house are adjacent
to the borders and the majority of
Eastern uh towns and Eastern uh border
Villages have received such kind of
warnings to evacuate now it's important
also to say that the uh the capacity of
the United Nations schools uh are full
and the number of displaced people is
increasing from time to another
according to the level of Shillings that
take place in the Gaza strap all right
TK Abu AUM live for us there in Gaza uh
TK thank you stay safe W you thank you